Now topples like I said are quite similar to lists.
So if I wanted to I can say new topple and use my topple and then slice that topple.
So for example if I do one too like this and print new topple I'm going to get to karma.
Why is that.
Well we started 0 1 and 2 if I did 4 here and click Run.
I get 2 3 4 it's still a temple but you have to remember that a temple that only has a single item tends
to have this little comma at the end but it's still a temple and just like a list I can assign different
things.
For example I can say X equals to my topple 0 and then I can say Y equals my top all 1 and x and y will
equal 1 and 2 but a short form of doing this again similar to lists is to say hey I want X Y Z may not
other to be the values assigned from the top so that if I do X here and I run I get one.
If I do Z and I run I get 3.
What if I do other.
And if I click Run I get 4 and 5 as a list.
All right.
If your head doesn't hurt by now don't worry I have some good news.
Luckily for us a Tupolev has only two methods that we care about count an index.
How nice is that.
So nice and simple.
Guess what these mean.
So let's go back to my couple and now try these out.
If I go my top all debt count well it's going to count the value.
So if we want to count how many fives occur in the topo I get one.
If I had a another five in the top all I get to.
What about index.
What's the index of five.
Well the index of 5 is 4 because 0 1 2 3 for the first value that it finds it's going to return the
index of.
And then finally we can also do length right we can use this built in function to run length and it's
going to tell us that yep it's has a length of 6 awesome.
There it is.
We're flying through them now.
This is our third data structure.
Remember they're simply lists that are immutable.
I'll see in the next one by.